# CS-320
QA Automation and Testing
How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
My ability to defend the quality of the code is dependent on the percentage of its coverage. This is because the requirements are effectively tested using JUnit tests. For instance, the JUnit test coverage percent tells us that every test passed in the task service project, which means that all of the requirements were successfully met. I utilized comments to highlight key features of testing, such as character length and the capability to add, remove, or update contacts, in order to ensure that the code was technically sound. Other examples of these characteristics include the capacity to delete contacts.
How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
I verify each service file to ensure that the code is correct in order to get an understanding of the user needs. Before each function, I offer in-depth comments that demonstrate how the function is supposed to be used. After each requirement has been written, JUnit tests confirm that the service files satisfy all of the requirements or user expectations by examining whether or not they are met.
How do I approach designing software?
First, I go through the requirements with the client or user, and then I compile a list of all the files I'll need to make any necessary adjustments. I provide detailed comments at the beginning and end of each line of code so that I can refer to them later on after I've gone through the requirements and planned the code. I also check Sublime Text's source-code editor for any issues. Re-checking requirements and writing suitable JUnit tests ensures that service files are correct.
